SDKS-3641 Clearly define external guidelines for PRs against SDKs (#473)
ForgeRock/forgerock-android-sdk: .github/pull_request_template.md

# JIRA Ticket

Please link jira ticket here, if applicable.

# Description

Briefly describe the change and any information that would help speedup the review and testing.

# Definition of Done Checklist:

- [ ] Coded to standards.
- [ ] Ensure backward compatibility.

> - [ ] API reference docs is created or updated, if applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] API reference documentation is added or updated, if applicable.
```
